Add a PHP example for Changing Operations in the OpenAPI Documentation (#1136)
api-platform/docs: core/swagger.md

    </resource>
</resources>
```

```php
/**
 * NOTE: if you are using OpenApi V3 use 'openapi_context' instead of 'swagger_context'
 *
 * @ApiResource(
 *     collectionOperations={
 *          "post"={
 *             "method"="POST",
 *             "path"="/rabbit",
 *             "swagger_context"={
 *                  "summary" = "Random rabbit picture",
 *                  "description" = "<h1>Pop a great rabbit picture by color!<h1/>![A great rabbit](https://rabbit.org/graphics/fun/netbunnies/jellybean1-brennan1.jpg)"
 *              }
 *          }
 *      },
 * )
 */
class Rabbit
{
}

// If you like lengthy descriptions you might use a class constant as well:
/**
 * NOTE: if you are using OpenApi V3 use 'openapi_context' instead of 'swagger_context'
 *
 * @ApiResource(
 *     collectionOperations={
 *          "post"={
 *             "method"="POST",
 *             "path"="/rabbit",
 *             "swagger_context"=RABBIT:API_POST
 *          }
 *      },
 * )
 */
class Rabbit
{
    public const API_POST
        = [

>             'summary'     => 'Random rabbit picture',

Reviewer: We usually don't align symbols.

Author: Fixed :wink:

>             'description' => '# Pop a great rabbit picture by color!'

Reviewer: You can use the HEREDOC syntax for more clariy:
```suggestion
            'description' => <<<'MD'
# Pop a great rabbit picture by color!

![A great rabbit](https://rabbit.org/graphics/fun/netbunnies/jellybean1-brennan1.jpg
MD,
```

Author: Sure no problem, I think it's a matter of taste ;)
